I want to build a PageContent(pagenumber) function for use within the realtime playground of OpenAI API developer tools.   This function will be used within the realtime voice chat of a french tutor application whichh uses the PageContent function to get the contents of a single page of a textbook used to teach french and then has a conversation with the user about content on that page.   The input parameter is the page number of the text book, and the return will be the contents of that page in JSON format.

As a first step I want you help me create a version of the function that is the shell of the function, and instead of returning the actual text in JSON format of the textbook, it just returns some sample text which includes the page number and something to indicate that it is actually receiving the page number correctly.   This contents will not be actually displayed or read to the user, but will be added to the context of the chat conversation so that the chat assistant can then have a conversation with the user about that page.  So the function needs to communicate that the page text in JSON is added to the context of the conversation as opposed to just being a response from the chatbot to the users.

I am starting from scratch and I want to use python and flask and cursor.ai for the local development environment to first test that the API works.   Then I want to use replit as the means to deploy this to a publicly accessible endpoint which can be accessed via and function call from within the OpenAI realtime API playground.   Finally, I want to continue to be able to use cursor.ai as the main development enviroment, not replit.   I only want to use replit for deployement and running of the actual function which can be accessed from playground.

I need you to help me with all of the steps involved as right now I just have a blank project inside of cursor.ai with no files at all.  I have a replit paid core account so I am ready to go there, but no project started.